Switch to Play 3 and Pekko (#490)
playframework/play-grpc: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/serving-grpc.adoc

== Serving gRPC from Play
:tabs-sync-option:

> To be able to serve gRPC from a Play Framework app you must enable https://www.playframework.com/documentation/2.9.x/PekkoHttpServer#HTTP/2-support-(incubating)[HTTP/2 Support] with https://www.playframework.com/documentation/latest/ConfiguringHttps[HTTPS] and the ALPN agent.

Reviewer: Here and below 😉 
```suggestion
To be able to serve gRPC from a Play Framework app you must enable https://www.playframework.com/documentation/3.0.x/PekkoHttpServer#HTTP/2-support-(incubating)[HTTP/2 Support] with https://www.playframework.com/documentation/latest/ConfiguringHttps[HTTPS] and the ALPN agent.
```
